I'm Gary Stevenson
former trader andpeople's economist
this is Gary's Economics, today we're gonna
talk about "how do we fixthe economy"
OK hopefully by now you've watchedmy videos
you understand that wealth inequality is
destroying the economy making housing
unaffordable, making jobs bad and wages low
you understand if wechange that we can make
the economy a lot better, and you're on board
so what do we do well theway i see it
it's basically a three-stage process
the end goal is we wanna force powerful people
like politicians to make change, to change the tax
system so that it's fair so that super rich pay
their fair share of tax, more than the rest of us
but we're not going to be able to do that until
we build a movement and we build awareness
so for me it's a three-stage process
first we put awareness and understanding
then we build a movement and then we
force powerful people to make change
stage one of the process is we need to convince
as many people as possible that wealth inequality
is a problem, you know a lot of the media
will tell you that wealth inequality yeah
it's a problem but we need it to have a strong
economy - nothing could be further from the truth
if you look at me, my personal story i came from
nothing i made millions of pounds by understanding
one thing, wealth inequality is destroying the
economy, i'm not just saying that I've been
betting on it for 10 years and I've been right for
10 years, if we don't fix wealth inequality it means
unaffordable housing, bad jobs and no financial
security for your kids and your grandkids
if we do fix wealth inequality we could
have an economy that is so much better
wages that are higher, housing that is affordable
now look it's not going to be easy there's a lot
of millionaires and billionaires out there
that don't want you to hear this message
they're doing very well the way things
are and they don't want things to change
some of them own newspapers
some of them put a lotof money into
paying economists and think tanksto tell you
that inequality is important for theeconomy
that is not true!
look I've got no reasonto tell you this message
i'm a wealthy person, i don't benefit from it
but i made my money byunderstanding and
betting on the true fact that ifwe don't fix
wealth inequality the economy will beweaker
and weaker for future generations,
so numberone spread that message
help ordinary people tounderstand
we need to fix wealth inequality
if we want to make the economy better
and make sure they understand that
that's not about taxingdoctors and lawyers
it's about taxing the superwealthy families
that get richer and richer everygeneration
by taking money from the rest of us
that's number one: awareness and understanding
number two is building a movement
look if you understand that wealth inequality
is a problem,then you like me
are gonna want to change the tax system
that at the moment
taxes millionairesand billionaires
often lower rates than cleaners
but we are not going to be able
to make thatchange happen unless
we have a powerful and bigmovement, look i'm
out here everyday making videoson Youtube
but i'm not gonna be able to make change
happen unless i have a big following and
a lot of people are seeing it and not
just me butother people are on board
saying the same message, doing the same thing
so what i need you to do forme now
is to share this video around but not just
that, talk to your friends, talk to your family
read my website www.wealtheconomics.org
look atmy other videos
educate the people around you, ordinary
people who are getting hurt by this system
you know it's our children who will suffer
if we don't fix this, ordinarypeople's children
so tell your friends, tell yourwork
colleagues - let them know
look i come froman ordinary background
i can see my sister, my friends
what's happening to their families losing
their houses not getting their financial security
tell everyone you know that we
need to fixwealth inequality
that's the only way we can fix the economy
politicians keep saying they'regoing to
make things better but they don't do it
because they don't address wealth inequality
so tell your friends, tell your family, tellyour
work colleagues, share my videos with them
say look this guy he comes from an
ordinarybackground he's made money
understanding this and if they're confused
send me amessage
look i'm out there on all the socials
Facebook, Twitter, Youtube ... Instagram
all @garyseconomics, send me messages
about what people don'tunderstand
so that i can address them in videos
share the stuff i do so that
we can get morepeople on board
hopefully if we keep building that
we can get a big movement that will
grow and thenwe can use that to
force people to make change, so look
that's the way it's going towork
first we build the understanding
secondly we build the movement
and then wecan start forcing
politicians to do something
so for now, watch my videos, try and
understandwhat i'm saying
if you've got questions message me on my
socials share them with people aroundyou
if you know people who can share them to
a big audience, get them on board
and put them intouch with me
hopefully we can spread this message
to more and more people ordinary people
who arenot being represented
so they can fight back to build
a better future for our kids
so that's it, three stage message
understand what i'm saying
spread it as much as you can
and then we canmake change happen
Thank you
(yeah we're good?)